<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" >
  <head>
    <title>Welcome to It's All Text! version 999.@@VERSION@@</title>
    <style type="text/css">
      html { background: #abd; color: #000; padding: 0; margin: 0; }
      body { background: #fff; color: #000; margin: 1ex auto; padding: 1em; 
             -moz-border-radius: 1em; width: 30em;
             font-family: sans-serif;}
      h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6 { background: #ffa; color: #06d; -moz-border-radius: 1ex; padding: 0 0.8em 0 2em; margin-left: -2em;}
      h1 { padding: 0.5ex 1em 0.5ex 2em; margin: 0 -2em;}
      h2, h3, h4, h5, h6 { display: block; width: 20em; clear: both; }

      tt, code { font-size: 1.1em; font-weight: bold; color: #048; }
      dt { font-weight: bold; color: #048; }

      #ver { margin: 0; text-align: right; }
      #test { width: 50%; height: 10em; background: #cdf; }
      #nteb { font-size: 0.5em; text-align: right; margin-right: 50%; padding-right: 30px; }

      .iat { font-style: oblique; color: #024; }
      .warn { background: #fdd; }

      pre { background: #def; color: black; margin: 1em; padding: 0 1em; }

      #faq dl { margin-left: 1em; }
      #faq dd { font-size: 0.8em; }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Welcome to <span class="iat">It's All Text!</span></h1>
    <p id="ver"> version 999.@@VERSION@@</p>

    <p class="warn">
      If you have any problems with IAT, try searching the <a
      href="http://trac.gerf.org/itsalltext">development site</a> for
      a solution.  If you don't find it, then please file a bug!
    </p>

    <p>
      <span class="iat">It's All Text!</span> gives you a simple way to edit textareas, the large text boxes in forms, using your favorite editor.
    </p>


    <h3>Quick Start</h3>
    <p>
      Upon installation, go to the menu <tt>Tools -&gt; It's All Text!
      -&gt; Preferences</tt> to set your preferences. Specifically,
      you'll have to set the editor's full path.
    </p>

    <p>
      There are three ways to use <span class="iat">It's All Text!</span>:
    </p>
    <ul>
      <li>Right click on a textarea, select <tt>It's All Text!</tt>.
      </li>
      <li>Click on the edit buttons added for your convenience. 
      </li>
      <li>Right click on the edit buttons for more options.
      </li>
    </ul>

    <p>
      Here is a test edit box for you to play with&hellip;
    </p>
    <form action="" style="margin-left: 2em;">
      <p style="margin: 0; padding: 0;">
        <textarea id="test" cols="10" rows="4">Click the edit button and have fun editing!</textarea>
      </p>
      <div id="nteb">Note the edit button.&mdash;&gt; </div>
    </form>

    <div style="clear:both;"/>
    <p id="signoff"> Ciao! </p>

      
    <h3>A note to Mac OS X users</h3>
    
    <p>
      Out of the box, <span class="iat">It's All Text!</span> uses the <code>open</code> program. <code>open</code> behaves like double clicking on a file.  It uses the type of the file to choose the correct application to run;  for <tt>.txt</tt> files, that application is the built-in text editor.
    </p>
    <p>
      If this behavior is fine for you, then leave the editor option alone and enjoy!
    </p>
    <p>
      However, if you want to use a different editor or to force the same editor regardless of the file type, then you will need to do something a little more complicated.
    </p>
    <p>
      Firefox <a href="https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=307463">cannot run .app applications directly</a>.  To run a program in Mac OS X you need to do one of two things:  If your editor comes with a non-<code>.app</code> version, then use that.  Otherwise you have to write a shell script.
    </p>
    <p>
      Check your editor's documentation; if it comes with a standalone program, usually located in the <code>/usr/bin/</code> directory, then you can enter that into the <span class="iat">It's All Text!</span> preferences and you're done.
    </p>
    <p>
      Otherwise, you need to create a shell script.  Here are the basic steps to create a shell script:
    </p>
    <ol>
      <li> Open your favorite editor. </li>
      <li> Create a file like the example below. </li>
      <li> Save it to your home directory: <code>~/iat.sh</code> </li>
      <li> Open a terminal window. </li>
      <li> Type this command to make the shell script executable: <code>chmod +x ~/iat.sh</code> </li>
      <li> In <span class="iat">It's All Text!</span> preferences, use the shell script as your editor. </li>
    </ol>

    <p>
      The example shell script.  Replace <code>/path/to/editor.app</code> with the actual path to your .app file.  It'll probably be something like <code>/Applications/MyEditor.app</code>.
    </p>
    <pre lang="sh">#!/bin/sh
# This is an example shell script for It's All Text!

open -a /path/to/editor.app "$@"</pre>

    <p>
      Other alternative shell scripts are available at <a href="http://docwhat.gerf.org/2007/03/its_all_text_v06/#comment-2054">here</a>.
    </p>



    <h3>FAQ</h3>

    <dl id="faq">
      <dt>I want to do something more complicated than just running an editor with a file-name.</dt>
      <dd>
        <p>In UNIX systems, such as Mac OS X or Linux, you can create a shell script with your commands in it.</p>
        <p>In windows, you can create a <tt>.cmd</tt> file instead.</p>
      </dd>

      <dt>I can't find the edit button for (gmail, blogger, etc.)</dt>
      <dd>
        <p>Gmail, blogger, and other sites has the option to use "rich text editors".  The editors act similar to a word processor.  Due to the way these work, it isn't possible for <span class="iat">It's All Text!</span> find the <tt>textarea</tt>, it is hidden or, in some cases, absent.
        </p>
      <p>
        Workaround: Turn off the rich text editor, if possible.
      </p>
      </dd>

      <dt>I use non-ASCII characters and they turn into blocks or question marks (?).</dt>
      <dd>
        <p>
          The problem is that the encoding <span class="iat">It's All Text!</span> is using and your editor is using don't match.  You can figure out what encoding your editor wants and change the encodings preference in <span class="iat">It's All Text!</span> or you can change the encoding your editor uses.
        </p>
        <p>
          A common problem I get is that someone is using Notepad or WordPad in Windows.  These both do not support sane encodings.  I recommend getting something like <a href="http://notepad-plus.sourceforge.net/">Notepad++</a> for editing in UTF-8 instead.
        </p>
      </dd>
    </dl>

  </body>
</html>

<!-- LocalWords:  gmail blogger WordPad UTF html abd fff moz ffa tt dt ver cdf
-->
<!-- LocalWords:  nteb px iat faq dl cmd
-->
