<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" >
  <head>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
    <title>Basic XHTML</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css" type="text/css"/>
  </head>

  <body>
    <h1>Basic XHTML</h1>

    <div class="back"><a href=".">back</a></div>

    <p>
      Purpose: to verify IAT! works with XHTML.
    </p>
    <p style="color: #820;">
      Note: This test is only valid if it is served with a Content-Type of <tt>application/xhtml+xml</tt>.  Verify this using <tt>View Page Info</tt>, the Type should be <tt>application/xhtml+xml</tt>.
    </p>

    <form action="" method="get">
      <p>
        Use this textarea for the tests below:
        <textarea>testing area</textarea>
      </p>
    </form>
    
    <ol>
      <li>
        Click on the edit button.  Your editor should open and should contain the text from the textarea.  Add the phrase &ldquo;test 1&rdquo; in your editor and save and exit.  The textarea should be updated within a few seconds.
      </li>
      <li>
        Right click on the edit button.  Select the menu item <tt>.txt</tt>.  Your editor should open and should contain the text from the textarea.  Add the phrase &ldquo;test 2&rdquo; in your editor and save and exit.  The textarea should be updated within a few seconds.
      </li>
      <li>
        Right click on the textarea.  Select the menu item <tt>It's All Text!</tt> &rarr; <tt>.txt</tt>.  Your editor should open and should contain the text from the textarea.  Add the phrase &ldquo;test 3&rdquo; in your editor and save and exit.  The textarea should be updated within a few seconds.
      </li>

      <li>
        Right click on the edit button.  Select the menu item <tt>Preferences</tt>. The preferences should open.  Close them.
      </li>
      <li>
        Right click on the textarea.  Select the menu item <tt>It's All Text!</tt> &rarr; <tt>Preferences</tt>. The preferences should open.  Close them.
      </li>
    </ol>

    <div class="back"><a href=".">back</a></div>

  </body>
</html>

