<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.or
g/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" >
  <head>
    <title>Welcome to It's All Text! version 999.@@VERSION@@</title>
    <style type="text/css">
      html { background: #abd; color: #000; padding: 0; margin: 0; }
      body { background: #fff; color: #000; margin: 1ex 2em; padding: 1em; 
             -moz-border-radius: 1em; 
             font: 1.2em sans-serif;}
      h1 { background: #00d; color: #fff; -moz-border-radius: 1ex; padding: 0.5em 1em; margin: 0;}
      #ver { margin: 0; text-align: right; }
      #test { width: 100%; height: 10em; background: #cdf; }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Welcome to It's All Text!</h1>
    <p id="ver"> version 999.@@VERSION@@</p>
    
    <p> This software is ALMOST version 1.0!</p>

    <p>
      This version is still beta.
    </p>

    <p>
      Upon installation, go to Tools->Addons and select It's All Text and
      set the Preferences.  Specifically, you'll have to set the editor's
      full path.  A future version will automagically pop up preferences
      when you try to edit without an editor set.
    </p>
      
    <p>
      Note to Mac OS X users: Most editors come with a component in
      /usr/bin/, use that as your editor.  If you want to use something
      strange, then create a shell script to do an "open -a /path/to/editor
      $*".
    </p>

    <p>
      A test TextArea for you to play with...
    </p>
    <form>
      <textarea id="test">Click the edit button and have fun editing!</textarea>
    </form>


    <pre>
****** 0.6.2 *****
* Default Mac OS X to '/usr/bin/open'
* Fixed problems with detecting editor launch trouble.

****** 0.6.1 ******
* Fix for MacOSX preferences not having a close button.
* missing 'var'

****** 0.6.0 ******
* really fixed gumdrop positioning
* right clicking the gumdrop lets you choose the file extension
* if the editor doesn't work, explain to the user what happened.
* improved refreshing rules!

****** 0.4.3 ******
* fixed gumdrop positioning
* Hide gumdrop/menu when textarea is readonly/disabled.
* Show context menu all the time
* Added preference to turn off gumdrops

****** 0.4.2 ******
* Stupid bugs fixed.
* The popup positions right in XP.
* The default extension can be set by the web-page designer via:
  itsalltext-extension=".extension"
* The chosen extension is remembered for the life of the page.

****** 0.4.0 ******
* Added API so that other extensions can have edit buttons!
* Allow the extension of the file to be set.
* Added the hostname to the file, so that names aren't ONLY a hash.
* We now have extension settings.
* Extensions can make use of It's All Text! as well (see API.js).
* cleaned up preferences layout.
* Found and fixed a memory leak in the preference observer.

****** 0.3.4 ******
* Fade in and out gumdrops.
* The gumdrop no longer alters the flow of the page.
* it should behave much better under load.
* Removed a memory leak.
* Improved preferences a little.

****** 0.3.3 ******
* Preferences popup if the editor doesn't work.
* Deal with case where textarea.name is not unique

****** 0.3.2 ******
* Fixed browse button for windows
* Added better icon based on the Foolish Dictionary's splash page
* Pretty gumdrop!  It should also stay in place better.

****** 0.3.1 ******
* Working browse button for choosing your editor.

****** 0.3 ******
Released to addons.mozilla.org
* Edit button is added to HTML next to text area.
* Cleaned up timing intervals and memory leak in document checks.
* Better hash handling.
    </pre>

    <p> Ciao! </p>
  </body>
</html>
