<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" >
  <head>
    <title>Welcome to It's All Text! version 999.@@VERSION@@</title>
    <style type="text/css">
      html { background: #abd; color: #000; padding: 0; margin: 0; }
      body { background: #fff; color: #000; margin: 1ex auto; padding: 1em; 
             -moz-border-radius: 1em; width: 30em;
             font: 1.2em sans-serif;}
      h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6 { background: #00d; color: #fff; -moz-border-radius: 1ex; padding: 0.3em 0.8em 0.3em 2em; margin-left: -2em;}
      h1 { padding: 0.5em 1em 0.5em 2em; margin: 0 -2em;}
      h2, h3, h4, h5, h6 { display: block; width: 20em; clear: both; }
      #ver { margin: 0; text-align: right; }
      #test { width: 50%; height: 10em; background: #cdf; }
      #nteb { font-size: 0.5em; text-align: right; margin-right: 50%; padding-right: 30px; }
      #signoff { font-size: 2em; font-style: oblique; font-family: monospace; }

      #faq dl { margin-left: 1em; }
      #faq dd { font-size: 0.8em; }

      #changelog > ul { font-family: monospace; white-space: pre-wrap; }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Welcome to It's All Text!</h1>
    <p id="ver"> version 999.@@VERSION@@</p>
    
    <p> 
      This software is ALMOST version 1.0! However, this version is still beta.
    </p>

    <p>
      Upon installation, go to <tt>Tools-&gt;Addons</tt> and select It's All Text and
      set the Preferences.  Specifically, you'll have to set the editor's
      full path.  A future version will automagically pop up preferences
      when you try to edit without an editor set.
    </p>
      
    <p>
      Note to Mac OS X users: Most editors come with a component in
      /usr/bin/, use that as your editor.  If you want to use something
      strange, then create a shell script to do an "open -a /path/to/editor
      $*".
    </p>

    <p>
      Here is a test edit box for you to play with...
    </p>
    <form action="">
      <textarea id="test">Click the edit button and have fun editing!</textarea>
      <div id="nteb">Note the edit button.&mdash;&gt; </div>
    </form>

    <div style="clear:both;"/>
    <p id="signoff"> Ciao! </p>

    <h3>FAQ</h3>

    <dl id="faq">
      <dt>I want to do something more complicated than just running an editor with a filename.</dt>
      <dd>
        <p>In unix systems, such as Mac OS X or Linux, you can create a shell script with your commands in it.</p>
        <p>In windows, you can create a <tt>.cmd</tt> file instead.</p>
      </dd>

      <dt>GMail: It only works some places.</dt>
      <dd><p>GMail supports a rich text editor.  If the rich text editor is turned on, then It's All Text! cannot work because there is no <tt>textarea</tt> to edit.</p>
      <p>Workaround: Turn off the rich text editor in GMail.</p>
      </dd>

      <dt>I use non-ASCII characters and they turn into blocks or question marks (?).</dt>
      <dd>
        <p>
          The problem is that the encoding It's All Text! is using and your editor is using don't match.  You can figure out what encoding your editor wants and change the encodings preference in It's All Text! or you can change the encoding your editor uses.
        </p>
        <p>
          A common problem I get is that someone is using Notepad or WordPad in Windows.  These both do not support sane encodings.  I recommend getting something like <a href="http://notepad-plus.sourceforge.net/">Notepad++</a> for editing in UTF-8 instead.
        </p>
      </dd>
    </dl>

    <h3>ChangeLog</h3>
    <div id="changelog">
      <h4>Version 1.0 Release Candidate</h4>
      <ul>
        <li>Created changelog</li>
        <li>The chosen set of version 1.0 functionality exists and works.</li>
        <li>Fixed problems with visibility and hiddens (and cascading vs. computed)</li>
      </ul>
    </div>

  </body>
</html>
